
　　Imagine life as a game in which you are juggling some five balls in the 
air. You name them work, family, health, friends, and spirit, and you re keeping 
all of these in the air. You will soon un derstand that work is a rubber bal l. 
If you drop it, it will bounce back. But the other four balls fami ly, health, 
friends and spirit are made of glass. If you drop one of these, they will be 
irrevocably scuffed, marked, nicked, damaged or even shattered. They will never 
be the same. You must understand that and strive for balance in your life. How 
Don t undermine your worth by comparing yourself with others. It is because we 
are different that each of us is special. Don t set your goals by what other 
people deem important. On ly you know what is best of you. Don t take for 
granted the things closes to your heart. Cling to them as you would your life, 
for without them, life is meaningless. Don t let your life slip through your 
fingers by living in the past or for the future. By living your life one day at 
a time, you live ALL the days of your life. Don t give up when you still have 
something to give. Nothing is re ally over until the moment you stop trying. Don 
t be afraid to ad mit that you are less than perfect. It is this fragile thread 
that binds us to each together.Don t be afraid to encounter risks. It is by 
taking chances that we learn how to be brave. Don t shut love out of your life 
by saying it s impossi ble to find. The quickest way to receive love is to give 
it. The fastest way to lose love is to hold it too tightly. The best way to keep 
love is to give it wings.Don t forget that a person s greatest e motional need 
is to feel appreciat ed.Don t run through life so fast that you forget not only 
where you ve been, but also where you are going.Don t be afraid to learn. 
Knowledge is weightless, a trea sure you can always carry easily. Don t use time 
or words careless ly. Neither can be retrieved. Life is not a race, but a 
journey to be savored each step by the way. Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a 
Mystery, and Today is a gift That s why we call it the Present.
　　生活就像一盒巧克力
　　想象一下生活就像是一场你向空中抛五个球的游戏。你把它们命名为―――工作、家庭、健康、朋友和精神，你把它们都抛向空中。很快你会发现工作是一个橡皮球。如果它掉在地上，它会弹回来。
　　可是其他四个球：家庭、健康、朋友和精神是玻璃做的。如果你把其中的一个掉在地上，它们将不能挽回地受到损伤，留有裂痕、缺口，甚至被摔成碎片。它们永远也不可能恢复原样。
　　你一定要明白这一点并且努力在生活中保持平衡。怎样做？不要与别人比较而低估了你的价值。因为我们每个人都不同，每个人都是特别的。
　　不要将别人认为重要的事设定为你的目标。只有你知道什么最适合你。不要把最贴近内心的东西想作理所当然。紧紧抓住它们就像紧紧抓住你的生命一样，因为没有它们，生活就会毫无意义。不要让生命从你的指尖溜走，不要活在过去，也不要活在将来。认真地过好每一天，你就会过好生命中的所有日子。当你还有所给予的时候不要放弃。在你停止努力之前，一切都没有真正结束。不要害怕承认你不完美。就是这条脆弱的线把我们连接在一起。不要害怕遇到风险。只有尝试我们才能学会如何勇敢。不要说不可能找到爱而把爱关在你的生活之外。得到爱最快的方法就是给予爱。失去爱最快的方法就是把爱抱得太紧。把握爱最好的办法就是为它安上翅膀。不要忘记一个人最大的情感需求是得到欣赏。不要让生活太匆忙，那样你不但会忘记你曾经经历过什么，还会忘记你要往哪里走。不要害怕学习。知识是没有重量的宝库，你可以永远轻松地带上它。不要虚度时光和不负责任地说话。两者都不可挽回。生活不是一场比赛，而是在每个脚步中都要细细品位的旅程。
　　昨天是历史，明天是神秘，今天是礼物：这就是我们叫它―――现在（英文中又有“礼物”之意）的原因。
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
　　来源:大连新闻网